fix(types): remove invalid `name: never` from AddServerRenderer (#14398)
withastro/astro: .changeset/lazy-trains-switch.md

---
'astro': patch
---

> Fix unsatisfiable type definition of AddServerRenderer when renderer is NamedSSRLoadedRendererValue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an unsatisfiable type definition when calling `addServerRenderer` on an experimental container instance
```
